{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c50000\c0\c50000;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12560\viewh14600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 /* \'97\'97\'97\'97> ASSIGNMENT 3 <\'97\'97\'97 */\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\cb2 //STILL NEEDS TESTING!!\
\cb1 // \'97> PT. 1\
// \'97> PT. 2\
\
// PART 1:\
\
/* Question 1 */ \
\
SELECT MIN(Sales) AS \'93Min. Sales\'94, MAX(Sales) AS \'93Max. Sales\'94\
FROM Offices;\
\
/* Question 2 */\
\
SELECT COUNT(*) AS \'931989 Orders\'94\
FROM Orders\
WHERE Order_Date >= \'9201-JAN-89\'92 AND Order_Date <= \'9231-DEC-89\'92;\
	//\cf3 Q: Is there a better way to do this? Where you could ignore day and month?\cf0 \
\
\cf4 /* Question 3 */ \cf0 \
\
SELECT Title AS \'93Different Titles\'94, COUNT(Title) AS \'93No. of Positions\'94\
FROM Salesreps\
GROUP BY Title;\
\
\cf4 /* Question 4 */ \
\cf0 \
SELECT AVG(Quota) AS \'93Avg. Quota\'94\
FROM Salesreps\
WHERE Rep_Office = 21;\
\
/* Question 5 */\
\
SELECT Rep_Office AS \'93Rep. Office\'94, AVG(Sales) AS \'93Avg. Sales\'94\
FROM Salesreps\
GROUP BY Rep_Office;\
\
/* Question 6 */\
\
SELECT Rep AS "Rep. No.",\
	MIN(Amount) AS "Min. Order Amt.",\
     MAX(Amount) AS "Max. Order Amt.",\
     AVG(Amount) AS "Avg. Order Amt."\
FROM Orders\
WHERE 1 <       (SELECT COUNT(*)\
                FROM Orders\
                WHERE Order_Date >= '01-JAN-90' AND Order_Date <= '31-DEC-99')\
GROUP BY Rep\
ORDER BY Rep;\
\
/* Question 7 */\
\
SELECT Cust_Num AS \'93Customer No.\'94, Company AS \'93Name\'94, \
	Credit_Limit AS \'93Credit Limit\'94\
FROM Customers\
WHERE Credit_Limit <	(SELECT SUM(Amount)\
					FROM Orders\
					WHERE Cust = Cust_Num);\
\
/* Question 8 */\
\
SELECT Cust_Num AS \'93Cust. No.\'94, Cust_Rep AS \'93Rep. ID\'94, Credit_Limit AS \'93Credit Limit\'94\
FROM Customers\
WHERE Credit_Limit > ALL (SELECT Credit_Limit\
					FROM Customers\
					WHERE Cust_Rep = 109);\
\
/* Question 9 */\
\
SELECT Cust_Num AS "Cust. No.\'94, Cust_Rep AS \'93Rep. ID\'94, \
	Credit_Limit AS \'93Credit Limit\'94\
FROM Customers\
WHERE Credit_Limit >	(SELECT MAX(Credit_Limit)\
					FROM Customers\
					WHERE Cust_Rep = 109);\
\
/* Question 10 */ \
\
SELECT DISTINCT Rep AS "Rep. ID"\
FROM ORDERS\
WHERE Cust IN   (SELECT Cust_Num\
                FROM Customers\
                WHERE Company IN('Zetacorp', 'JCP Inc.\'92));\
\
/* Question 11 */ \
\
SELECT Empl_Num AS \'93Rep. ID\'94, Name AS \'93Name\'94\
FROM Salesreps\
WHERE Empl_Num IN	(SELECT DISTINCT Cust_Rep\
				FROM Customers\
				WHERE Credit_Limit > 5000);\
\
/* Question 12 */ \
\
SELECT Empl_Num AS \'93Rep. ID\'94, Name AS \'93Name\'94\
FROM Salesreps\
WHERE EXISTS 	(SELECT *\
			FROM Orders\
			WHERE Order_Date = Hire_Date \
				AND Empl_Num = Rep); \
\
\cf4 /* Question 13 */ \'97> Is this right? I feel like the WHERE NOT makes no sense.\
\cf0 \
SELECT Mfr_ID AS "Mfr. ID", Product_ID AS "Prod."\
FROM Products\
WHERE NOT EXISTS        (SELECT *\
                        FROM Orders\
                        WHERE Product = Product_ID);\
\
\
// PART 2:\
\
/* Question 14 */\
\
INSERT INTO Offices(Office, City, Region, Mgr, Target, Sales)\
	VALUES (39, \'93Miami, \'93Southern\'94, 106, 1000000, 0);\
\
/* Question 15 */\
\
INSERT INTO Salesreps\
	VALUES(772, \'91Malialosa Taupule\'92, NULL, NULL, NULL, SYSDATE, NULL, NULL, 0);\
\
/* Question 16 */\
\
INSERT INTO Salesreps(Empl_Num, Name, Hire_Date, Sales)	\
	VALUES(814, \'91Tom Sawyer\'92, SYSDATE, 0);\
\
/* Question 17 */\
\
DELETE FROM Orders\
WHERE Rep IN(108, 101, 102);	\
\
/* Question 18 */ \
\
DELETE FROM Salesreps\
WHERE (Hire_Date < '01-JAN-1987')\
        AND NOT EXISTS (SELECT *\
                        FROM Orders\
                        WHERE Rep = Empl_Num);\
\
/* Question 19 */ \
\
UPDATE Salesreps\
SET Age = 37, Rep_Office = 39, Title = \'91Senior VP\'92, Manager = NULL, Quota = 100000\
WHERE Empl_Num = 772;  	\
\
/* Question 20 */ \
\
UPDATE Customers\
SET Credit_Limit = (1.2 * Credit_Limit)\
WHERE 2 <=	(SELECT COUNT(*)\
			FROM Orders\
			WHERE Cust = Cust_Num AND Amount > 25000);\
\
/* Question 21 */ \'97> ??\
\
UPDATE Customers\
SET Credit_Limit = 1000 +       (SELECT MAX(Amount)\
                                FROM Orders\
                                WHERE Cust = Cust_Num)\
WHERE Credit_Limit < ANY        (SELECT Amount\
                                FROM Orders\
                                WHERE Cust_Num = Cust)\
\
/* Question 22 */\
\
CREATE VIEW RepInfoView AS\
	SELECT Name AS \'93Rep. Name\'94, City AS \'93City\'94\
	FROM Salesreps, Offices\
	WHERE Rep_Office = Office;\
\
/* Question 23 */\
\
GRANT SELECT\
ON RepInfoView\
TO ahadaegh;\
\
/* Question 24 */\
\
CREATE VIEW CustInfoView AS\
        SELECT Company AS "CustName", Product AS "Prod. ID",\
                Description AS "Product",\
                Qty AS "Qty. Ordered", Amount AS "Value"\
        FROM Customers, Products, Orders\
        WHERE Product = Product_ID AND Cust = Cust_Num;\
\
\
/* Question 25 */\
\
GRANT SELECT\
ON CustInfoView\
TO PUBLIC;\
\
/* Question 26 */\
\
REVOKE SELECT\
ON CustInfoView\
FROM PUBLIC;\
\
/* Question 27 */\
\
SELECT *\
FROM CustInfoView\
WHERE 'Product' = 'L14\'92;\
\
/* Question 28 */\
\
CREATE VIEW TheManagers AS\
	SELECT Name AS \'93Manager\'94, Office AS \'93Office No.\'94, City AS \'93City\'94\
	FROM Salesreps, Offices\
	WHERE Empl_Num = Mgr;\
\
/* Question 29 */\
\
GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES\
ON TheManagers\
TO ahadaegh;\
\
/* Question 30 */\
\
GRANT SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE\
ON Offices\
TO jschmidt, kmart;\
\
\
\
\
}